hey this is crazy and again there's a
little bit of an ongoing review on my
cbr500r it now has over 200 miles on it
and I'll share with you a couple of
extra impressions that I may not have
included and my regular video review it
got a little bit buzzy up front and I
couldn't determine where it was coming
from this little bolt right here that
holds on the windscreen area it got
loose and so it started buzzing at low
speed also if you notice the cable right
here it'll end up buzzing this a little
bit so if you this is if it's all the
way over so if you're just sitting there
and you have your steering locked and
it's touching and my buzz right over
there a little bit just a bit of fair
warning that's the only thing that I
found that has come loose so far
everything else has been totally rattle
free and really that was just a quick
fix with the allen wrench it's in the
tool kit I'll stop playing up Allen
wrenches and my other tools here in my
garage so it wasn't a big deal as I said
before the you know most of the fluid
check level areas are really hard to get
to you can't really see them without
taking stuff off the bike you know
here's the rear brake fluid there's the
front brake fluid you can't check the
radiator fluid level without you know
getting into the bike a little bit
unfortunately I think it's the only
design flaw really that you know I
just don't care for um here's a little
bit of a closer look at what Honda is
calling a pro link suspension on this
bike
can't see it too well right here try to
get in here a bit so is slightly
adjustable of course you're only
adjusting the preload but it's you know
doesn't necessarily tighten or loosen
your suspension and your adjusting
preload you are adjusting just how soon
to get to the limits of the suspension
it doesn't change anything about the
stiffness of the spring so you might
want to look up a good you know in-depth
suspension overview what you can do to
adjust it properly there is a great one
set up on cbr500r iters the forum group
online and it's quite informative other
than that the only thing I've noticed is
shifting back down into first from
second likes air coming up to the stop
sign and stuff I don't really see it as
a flaw I've heard of a couple of other
he'll complain about it a little bit
when you do it will automatically flash
the neutral indicator light on the gauge
cluster for just a moment I don't have a
problem with it some people don't like
it and that shift from second back down
into first there's a little bit harder
than you know any of the other shifts on
the bike in fact once you get out of
third gear you know you don't even feel
the shifts anymore they're there like
butter I'm talking the shifts no down on
the shifter not through the whole body
of the bike you know that as far as
fifths or the body of the bike you know
how jerky they may or may not be I don't
have a single problem with the cbr500r
in fact it you know that way it just
just beautifully it's just right here
that shift from second down in the first
is a little bit harder than you would
expect then that it's perfect when you
see the 500 R symbols on the side of the
bike these are stickers there are a
couple of you know cheap overseas
manufacturers that are already
replicating the sticker so you can get
it in different colors I'm considering
changing mine to where the 500 R is blue
instead of red just because most of my
writing gear is blue and I think it
would be pretty damn cool to be a little
bit different from the other bikes on
that does have a sport screen available
instead of the standard windscreen and
they're also talking about a taller
touring windscreen video if the bike
would be good for touring to up and
luggage well you could probably get size
luggage on both sides here as far as a
rear bag I don't know if I would like it
on the bike it might work it might not I
mean if you look at where the passengers
gonna be sitting obviously they've got
plenty of room right here you know and
you could have a rear bag locked on in
fact there's you know nice solid metal
pieces right here for locking stuff on
to so you could have you know a nice
hard luggage bag stuck back there and
ride to up you know you just have to
make sure your passenger
isn't a very big person they're wise
they're just not going to fit you know
um you may want to consider getting a
tank bag instead you know the bike does
have a fairly upright seating position
now I can still get into a good tuck you
know if I want to tuck in or I can sit
you know virtually straight up to ride
the bike really it just depends on what
I'm doing and how I feel at the moment
you know if it's really hot I like to
sit up more my jacket gives me much more
comfort that way cuz it's a nice mesh
jacket oh look you can see me in the
mirror I so that's it you have any
questions comments suggestions if
there's anything else you want to know
about the bike just let me know I'll try
to answer questions as best as I can
there are some differences between the
regular 500 R and the 500 R with ABS and
I'll go ahead and take a look at and you
know try to point out some of those
differences from the manual on a later
video until then provide safe